--------------------------------------------------------------------
Eyecon - A very silly pointer tracking program for OS/2 Presentation Manager
Version: 1990-Jun-12 
Author: John Ridges
License: Released as Public Domain by John Ridges on 2015/11/21
--------------------------------------------------------------------

By John Ridges

Invocation:  START EYECON

To install, place EYECON.EXE in your path, EYECON.DLL in your libpath.


Eyecon is one of those programs that proves that there are programmers out
there with too much spare time on their hands. Actually, I saw a version of
this on a Mac and I thought it was so cute that I just had to implement it
for PM. Only later (honest!) did I learn that the Mac version was a copy of
someone else's PM version. I've now seen that other PM version and in all
modesty I think mine's better. (But of course I would, wouldn't I?) You be
the judge. For those of you that care, I hereby officially release this
sucker into the public domain.

Eyecon uses a Journal Hook to know when the pointer has moved, and a low
priority thread to update to eyeballs, so it shouldn't interfere with any
(gasp) REAL work you might be using your computer for. Eyecon's been pretty
thoroughly tested and I'm willing to bet what's left of my professional
reputation that it's bug free. Of course, legally, I make no guarantees about
anything it might do to your programs, data, hardware, or sanity. Hey, you
get what you pay for.

Comments? Questions? Suggestions? Hate mail? You can contact me at Gilmore
/108 or Compuserve 72000,2057 (checked weekly).


5/10/90 - Bug that was introduced when I switched to the OS/2 1.2 toolkit.
Microsoft removed the "_export" declarator from the definition of "CALLBACK"
in the C header files, so none of my window procedures were exported! This
caused random, unpredictable weirdness with Presentation Manager. Oh well,
I guess that just about wraps it up for my professional reputation.
